to the church it was all beauty that who
speech is brat your filters very well
welcome to a new video here today
again on the name server
I ask was already here with attack on the
mom
the whole multiplayer mode of this
time is too stayed in 11th case who
motherfucker zoned for the chemical
but that's it, let's try to pass
Now the guys have increased from 21 in ninth
today we went to the sixth only hope she
go there if we pass by
now expect sultan a wound
that has that in the morning is personal has to
in the morning or the room already with the
time to recover then giving our
Scorpion of the sea that arrived at
less in second or third and galley
this module was here is very mass
because we play with players of
true, right?
the server now has 15 people playing
on the server and hit a lot of mass on the day
Do you believe that the video is not the
first video air reached 25 people
so ba
there were a lot of people on the
many races generally hit and nothing
very funny now when there's more or
less a month later only that
It happens only that less often, right?
to close on a beat I do not start
the race I took one day
I was far behind the request for
call no problem, right?
we can not express ourselves therefore
third is that I want to make this curve
and I went up to do now who is beautiful of
new
he ensures that at the start of the race
so you can usually use it twice
one at the beginning of the gold rush in
final nobody you the 400 xp 440 of money
huh
and look how much money I already have
people can buy a Shiite already my right
I understand why I wanted to
show that you hot sakineh continues
with the same car who play in mode
is the one who chooses and I 'm
here as jester I still only tried him
does not see a different future for
diversify a little is not full of
jester because I said it was the best
car is really the best car was
general picking jester is the painted blue
It was pretty good here, huh?
but the law is one thing you only
we do drift in money and also
look at the mec a defense and
appear that hockney both of money
It appears now because I said look in the
mirror and full of money then it was worth it
very worth it after a run
doing here to earn a buck
three suffer enough
had more speed also just O
according to sally that he did not finish the race
does not end and already for the next race
it seems here the first place was the
second jackson in third has until
a little podium here
and here at low price reviews now
is talking on chat hey that's fucking
now I'm going to race and random
we choose
so come on
this race that is tense old because
she was very close at the beginning the geraldo
cross corner here I have already spent two and five
years of success, right?
the team closed here I decide the dispute
that closing face after I do the same
thing I'm complaining there in the chat beyond
resign because I did it year if there what
defeated the dodo is my did not speak
nothing only gives vigor
sixth or well proposed and sixth
I was a little better with this.
doing the front
although with a car at the beginning nothing at all
staff with level 23v time and here the
smell of the grass and I can buy another
car but I wanted to show you
how is it that I'm here right now as the
game with manchester is a very car
well let's close this is everybody
closing me thinking me doing the same
You're beautiful to pass someone here.
Gabriel, since I'm here, I 'm going to win.
nothing expensive
now that you've been here seventh
despite that face you hit now
this part is very very very tight
space on this map with this
most of strings op maps is
so much that I'm with you and we now
so it's okay
the paysandu was great in room now on the
rest in front and I know it's impossible
to pass and finish thing in front of the
fight here as is losing right
and ready to finish in fourth to be
harvested already do football this
Andal feature recognizes the little brother
manufacturer who
in today's meeting the 37 respectively
Little bit of money, you see that money.
very good so ita
Wow, it's only because he's so
connected to hit it exploded and fix the
car that also does not pay when you are on the
free couture mode can have the car is
in the mode of currents in which it has to
pay for the damage at $ 50 not
Forget about it, I hope you liked it.
video so here is free and
also there the multiplayer soon after that
more races in which you can play a
A little until the next race is
loaded and then multiplayer mode
Very cool fucking way to play
Sunday 23 to consentry a few thousand batteries
in the next video he does not see me with a
The best car I'll buy I think one
car dropped from Jackson here a Shiite who
It's a very good car, you drive fast.
and has one say the emissions they are
very good from the cold front very quickly
and such
the case said that it is also good to hear
how much it costs his car only
I'm already 32 so we train already
so I think it's a pretty expensive car
this way it will stay with the next one
video study then thanks, said more
a big hug and I went